GLASS PASS — introduce a "smoked glass" material layer. ZERO changes
to any motion, scroll behavior, pins, reveals, or videos — this is
purely surface treatment. Update DESIGN-SYSTEM.md accordingly (the
old "no glassmorphism" law is amended to the rules below).

1. GLASS TOKENS (define once in index.css as utility classes):
   .glass-paper — background: paper at 72%; backdrop-filter:
   blur(16px) saturate(1.15); border: 1px solid paper/45; and a
   1px inner top-edge highlight (paper/60). Sharp corners, max 4px
   radius, NO drop shadows beyond existing documented exceptions.
   .glass-ink — ink at 55%; blur(14px) saturate(1.1); border
   paper/15; for dark-context panels.
   Mobile (<768px): blur radius drops to 8px via media query;
   and add an @supports not (backdrop-filter: blur(1px)) fallback
   raising background opacity to 92% (Firefox/legacy).

2. WHERE GLASS APPLIES (exhaustive list — nowhere else):
   a. HERO LEDGER CARD → .glass-paper. The lifecycle rows over the
      moving film through frosted glass is the marquee moment of
      this pass. Row separators stay 1px rule at reduced opacity.
   b. STICKY HEADER (scrolled state) → .glass-paper instead of
      bg-paper/95 (desktop keeps current blur behavior but unified
      through the token; mobile now gets the 8px glass instead of
      solid — re-verify fps with the debug overlay).
   c. CINEMA BREAK industries tile panel → .glass-paper (replacing
      paper/95 opaque), so the skyline moves behind the tiles.
   d. ARG ASSIST tab and sheet header → tab becomes .glass-paper;
      the sheet's ink header becomes .glass-ink with the body
      staying opaque paper (readability first in conversation).
   e. COMMAND PALETTE panel → .glass-paper over its existing
      overlay.
   f. CONTACT locality card + the cinematic header's status line
      chip → .glass-paper.
   g. TRUST STRIP + CLOSING CTA inner content blocks (the text
      containers over office-floor/dusk films) → .glass-ink,
      subtle.
   Flat paper/mist body sections (Why ARG, Process, Estimator,
   blog rows, forms) remain OPAQUE — glass only exists over
   motion.

3. CONTRAST + PERFORMANCE GUARDRAILS:
   a. Re-verify AA contrast for all text on every glass surface
      against the BRIGHTEST frame of the film behind it; where
      failing, raise that surface's bg opacity in 4% steps until
      passing (never darken the film).
   b. Max simultaneously-visible backdrop-filter surfaces: 3.
      Audit each viewport-state; if any scroll position shows >3,
      demote the least important to opaque.
   c. will-change: backdrop-filter is NOT to be used; glass
      surfaces must not be inside animated transforms' children
      where blur re-rasterizes per frame — verify the hero card's
      pin-scrub still runs 60fps with glass (debug overlay,
      report fps before/after).
4. VERIFY: screenshot-level pass on home, contact, blog list at
   desktop + 390px; fps report via ?debugfps on the hero and
   cinema sections; reduced-motion unaffected; build + tsc clean.
Commit as "Glass pass: smoked-glass material layer".