MOTION ARCHITECTURE V2 — full reconstruction of the scroll system.
The current build has too many competing motion systems; we are
rebuilding for Libertas-grade seamlessness through SUBTRACTION and
single-point orchestration. Be aggressive about deletion.

STEP 1 — THE KILL LIST (delete entirely, don't disable):
1. Ledger dust canvas particle system — delete.
2. Number scramble effects everywhere EXCEPT the footer phone —
   delete the rest.
3. Magnetic button effect — delete.
4. Marginalia spine — delete.
5. Per-section folio decrement animation — folios stay, static.
6. Image parallax depth on EditorialImage — delete.
7. The hero's typed-on eyebrow effect — becomes a simple fade.
8. Any remaining load-time animate-in utility classes — delete.
What remains as the ONLY motion vocabulary: the smooth scroll, the
hero sequence (simplified below), section pins that earn it (max 2
on the whole page), fade/rise reveals, rule draws, the videos, the
ledger card lifecycle, and the estimator's interactions. Nothing
else moves.

STEP 2 — LENIS TUNED FOR REAL INPUT DEVICES:
new Lenis({ lerp: 0.14, wheelMultiplier: 1, smoothWheel: true,
syncTouch: false, touchMultiplier: 1.5 }). lerp 0.14 (not
duration-based easing) is the trackpad fix — responsive with just
enough glide. gsap.ticker drives lenis.raf exclusively;
lagSmoothing(0); no other RAF loops anywhere in the app (grep and
remove).

STEP 3 — ONE DIRECTOR, NOT TWELVE TRIGGERS:
Rebuild homepage motion as a single ScrollDirector module
(src/motion/director.ts) that creates ALL homepage ScrollTriggers
in one place, in document order, from one config array — each
entry: section ref, scene type (reveal | pin-scrub | cinema), and
its timeline builder. No component creates its own ScrollTrigger
anymore (EditorialImage, sections, etc. — refactor to register
with the director). This guarantees consistent defaults (scrub
0.8, anticipatePin 1, invalidateOnRefresh), ordered creation,
single refresh, and one kill switch.

STEP 4 — THE PAGE'S MOTION SCRIPT (the only scenes that exist):
1. HERO (pin #1, 120vh): entrance = film fade-in → headline lines
   rise → card slides in → CTAs fade, total 1.8s, overlapping
   beats. Scrub during pin = headline drifts up + film scales
   1→1.05 + overlay deepens. That's all — no grid etching, no
   typing, no trio scrub (the PLACE/PURSUE/RECOVER trio becomes a
   simple 2.5s auto-rotate, not scroll-linked).
2. Sections 02, 03 (Why ARG, Process): plain choreographed reveals
   — rule draws then rows stagger-fade, 500ms, once. NO pins. The
   process file-chip becomes: chip fades in at each step as the
   step scrolls into view. 
3. INDUSTRIES CINEMA BREAK (pin #2, 120vh): bw-skyline full-bleed,
   pull-line reveals word-by-word on scrub, tiles rise at the end.
   This is the page's one theatrical scrub moment besides the
   hero.
4. Everything below (estimator, trust strip, giving back, blog,
   CTA): reveal-only. Videos underlay via AmbientVideo as built.
   The giving-back color bloom stays (it's a CSS filter on scroll
   position — convert to opacity crossfade between a grayscale
   and color version of the same image to obey the no-filter
   rule).
5. Total pins on homepage: exactly 2. Total scrubbed timelines: 2.
   Everything else: enter-once reveals.

STEP 5 — LOAD ORDER (unchanged contract, re-verify): native scroll
instantly; director initializes after fonts + hero first-frame
(1.5s cap); single refresh; entrance skipped if already scrolled.

STEP 6 — INSTRUMENTATION: add ?debugfps=1 query flag rendering a
tiny mono FPS meter + active-trigger count overlay so we can
measure instead of guess. Strip from production builds via the
flag check only (keep the code).

STEP 7 — VERIFY, in this exact environment order:
a. pnpm build, deploy-preview the PRODUCTION build (not dev — dev
   mode React + HMR overhead pollutes scroll feel).
b. Scroll the full page with ?debugfps=1: report min FPS per
   section on normal and 4x throttle.
c. Fast-scroll bottom-to-top: zero broken states.
d. Test wheel AND trackpad feel if possible.
Commit as "Motion Architecture V2: director rebuild + subtraction
pass".